Let's say node dev 7.
Should be on port 4007 and
in read me 07.
Multiple forms, exercise 7,
I did one thing for
you to change the app that I
need you to know about and
that is I moved our
routes just a tiny bit.
So in admin, we no longer have
a new route, we have a slug route.
This login route is going
to handle loading data for
the post that we're looking at.
But if the slug is new, then it just
renders or it sends back a post of null.
So that's how we're gonna
just reuse this route.
Typically, you don't do that typically for
sharing code,
you're gonna put this component in this
file and then you import it from both.
But this just made so much sense to
me that I went with this direction.
This is how I develop software.
I implement it twice,
I choose the one I hate the least.
This is the one I hated the least.
So that's what we're going with today.
But that's pretty much all I changed.
I added, of course,
the ability to load that post and
then display it in our form.
And so I added this default value
prop as well as this key prop.
So that as you're navigating
between these two that value
will update to whatever the one is.
But you'll notice that this still says
create post and I cannot edit this slug.
So if I try that then well,
it says Slug is required.
It also just won't work cuz
the database is like, hey,
you're trying to create something that
has already got an idea of this thing.
So we're not gonna be able to do that.
Your job is to make it so
that when I'm on or rendering this and
I have post data that this
should say update post and
the action should
actually update the post.
And then if I'm on a new, and
also that it should have a delete button.
So you're gonna implement
the delete button as well.
And then when I'm on the new post page,
it should still say create posts and
still work the way that it always has.